Readme 
In our assignment we focused on two different Design Principles: Feedback and Constraints. For our project, we decided to look at two main groups of emotions. We retrieved hashtags in the general, public Twitter feed. We used “#happy” (the color orange) and “sad” (the color blue) as the two main categories. For “#happy”, we looked at the Twitter feed and extracted data for the words: #optimistic, #creativity, #kindness, #inspiration and #blessing. For “#sad”, we extracted data for the words: #depression, #pain, #stressed, #lonely and #anger. We had our application look for these specific hashtags in the feed within a five-minute time frame. In other words, our data was from the previous five minutes to login. After extracting our data, we graphed it according to the average number of followers vs. the average number of friends. In our x-axis, we displayed the average number of friends and displayed the average number of followers in our y-axis. We applied Feedback by displaying our data right away. Our application is immediate and synchronized with the user’s request. We also applied Constraints through our design of the bubble bar graph. When the user places the mouse over each bubble, the specific number of followers and friends are displayed and the color of the bubble changes to a darker hue of either the orange or blue. The user will see that they cannot click on the bubble because the arrow of our cursor doesn’t change into a hand to indicate a link. All in all, we tried to find a fun way of displaying data of these specific emotions and tried to see if there was any correlation between specific hashtags used and the amount of followers/friends the users had.